# Client-Server-API
A repository dedicated to the study of the Go programming language.

In this challenge, we will apply what we have learned about HTTP web servers, contexts, databases, and file handling in Go.

You will need to deliver two Go systems:

client.go
server.go
The requirements to complete this challenge are as follows:

client.go should make an HTTP request to server.go requesting the USD (US Dollar) exchange rate.

server.go should consume the API containing the USD to BRL (Brazilian Real) exchange rate at the following address: https://economia.awesomeapi.com.br/json/last/USD-BRL and then return the result to the client in JSON format.

Using the "context" package, server.go should record each received exchange rate in an SQLite database, with a maximum timeout of 200ms for calling the USD exchange rate API and a maximum timeout of 10ms for persisting the data in the database.

client.go should receive only the current exchange rate value ("bid" field from the JSON) from server.go. Using the "context" package, client.go will have a maximum timeout of 300ms to receive the result from server.go.

All three contexts should log an error if the execution time is insufficient.

client.go will have to save the current exchange rate in a file named "cotacao.txt" in the following format: Dollar: {value}

The necessary endpoint generated by server.go for this challenge will be: /cotacao, and the HTTP server should use port 8080.

Upon completion, please send the repository link for evaluation.
